kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Initiated automated sync to '4bafab415e65b2ca7967c2abc097df589aec8be3'
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated sync status: Synced -> OutOfSync
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated sync status: Synced -> OutOfSync
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Sync operation to 4bafab415e65b2ca7967c2abc097df589aec8be3 succeeded
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated sync status: OutOfSync -> Synced
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated sync status: OutOfSync -> Synced
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Initiated automated sync to '0.0.33'
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Updated sync status: Synced -> OutOfSync
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated sync status: Synced -> OutOfSync
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated sync status: OutOfSync -> Synced
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Sync operation to 0.0.33 succeeded
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated sync status: OutOfSync -> Synced
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-app,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-sys,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-sys,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-sys,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Healthy -> Progressing
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-argocd-sys,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Updated health status: Progressing -> Healthy
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-test-1-pod-fjbnr to ghrunners04 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.28.98/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:master-fc03086-expire2301091255" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-test-1-pod-fjbnr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/update-maven-settings-27878940-bqjdj to ghrunners04 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.28.97/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:master-fc03086-expire2301091255" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container maven-settings
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container maven-settings
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Created pod: update-maven-settings-27878940-bqjdj
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/update-maven-settings-27879000-rmww9 to ghrunners04 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.28.100/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:master-fc03086-expire2301091255" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container maven-settings
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container maven-settings
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod: update-maven-settings-27879000-rmww9
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/update-maven-settings-27879060-zbr5b to ghrunners04 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.28.101/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:master-fc03086-expire2301091255" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container maven-settings
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Started container maven-settings
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: update-maven-settings-27879060-zbr5b
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-maven-settings-27878940
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Saw completed job: update-maven-settings-27878940, status: Complete
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-maven-settings-27878880
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-maven-settings-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: update-maven-settings-27879000, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-maven-settings-27878940
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created job update-maven-settings-27879060
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: update-maven-settings-27879060, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Deleted job update-maven-settings-27879000
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/update-remote-registry-27878940-k47t7 to ghrunners04 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.28.96/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:master-fc03086-expire2301091255" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Created container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Started container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27878940-k47t7
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/update-remote-registry-27879000-dlgc8 to ghrunners04 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.28.99/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:master-fc03086-expire2301091255" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container registries-conf
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27879000-dlgc8
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test/update-remote-registry-27879060-kz5rw to ghrunners04 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.28.102/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:master-fc03086-expire2301091255" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27879060-kz5rw
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-remote-registry-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27878940, status: Complete
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27878880
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created job update-remote-registry-27879000
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27879000, status: Complete
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27878940
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-remote-registry-27879060
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27879060, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-test,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27879000
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding/update-remote-registry-27878940-vbczl to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.26/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2"
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" in 57.272796ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container registries-conf
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27878940-vbczl
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Job completed
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding/update-remote-registry-27879000-lf2sj to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.80/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2"
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" in 54.085364ms
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container registries-conf
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container registries-conf
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27879000-lf2sj
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding/update-remote-registry-27879060-6wlnx to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.138/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" in 64.782502ms
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container registries-conf
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container registries-conf
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27879060-6wlnx
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-remote-registry-27878940
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27878940, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27878880
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created job update-remote-registry-27879000
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27879000, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27878940
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-remote-registry-27879060
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27879060, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool-vendor-onboarding,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-248dw to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.55/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-24dvw to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.64/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-25jb7 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.102/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-25r69 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.100/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-285fq to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.228/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2dkmv to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.108/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2ffwq to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.8/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2g2sk to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.46/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2gmrx to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.17/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2lhwd to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.60/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2pgrj to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.226/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2qrt7 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.137/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-2x6fh to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.166/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-42pgj to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.105/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-42x6s to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.22/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-487ll to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.2/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4fl5v to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.99/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4grpd to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.95/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4hgwx to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.11/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4kcql to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.58/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4mdr8 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.69/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4qqwj to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.135/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4qrxp to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.223/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4rgm2 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.29/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4tvqr to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.204/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Stopping container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4xn75 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.207/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4zqkn to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.23/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5287n to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.108/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-57sf4 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.98/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-57v76 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.187/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-595wr to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.117/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-59vq8 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.76/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5dgwn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.217/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5dh5r to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.56/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5drjg to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.254/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5drzv to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.216/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5ffs7 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.125/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5fzlr to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.192/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5ghck to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.160/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5gzh6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.33/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5lmlc to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.134/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5q5xw to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.50/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5rbzn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.41/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5tjm4 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.51/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5xxsv to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.127/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6272l to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.220/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-62r6q to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.54/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-62zww to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.121/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-64kpw to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.50/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-66jd2 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.74/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6c6qb to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.89/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6dr4h to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.208/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6kmsw to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.104/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6m4r2 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.7/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6m6xt to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.122/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6r4qd to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.89/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-6vw9l to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.35/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7c78b to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.205/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7chm9 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.52/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7djgn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.163/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7l2tl to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.25/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7mztx to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.91/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7rtzm to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.37/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7wt7x to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.165/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-7x9vc to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.42/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-84rvp to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.70/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-85btl to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.74/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-85rd2 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.229/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-8cl96 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.28/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-8g52x to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.116/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-8jppw to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.210/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-8k7gx to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.125/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-8kgk8 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.124/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-8rhjw to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.211/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-8v857 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.71/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-926x6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.40/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-94k58 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.100/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-94vtp to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.45/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-98xq8 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.179/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-99ztg to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.133/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9bv5f to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.126/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9cl7n to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.43/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9cm5d to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.168/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9dvcj to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.92/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9gdlv to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.149/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9kk8p to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.66/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9krbd to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.20/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9l47g to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.62/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9mrfb to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.107/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9mw7p to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.183/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9n8q5 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.41/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9nmh2 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.96/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9r9c2 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.53/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-9sr6c to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.26/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-b4n8w to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.41/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-b82l7 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.97/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-b8rz5 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.48/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-b9kvs to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.246/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bdvxv to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.195/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bkbqn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.147/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bkcnd to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.26/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bknn7 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.100/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bkx24 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.31/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-blwzr to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.24/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bndld to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.38/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bq9js to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.142/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bvgsj to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.117/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-bxg6m to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.103/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-c4zp5 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.102/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-c7m79 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.53/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-c9cf4 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.20/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-cksj7 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.27/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-cllpv to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.55/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-cqc97 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.46/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-cqwg2 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.251/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ctd9m to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.19/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-d5qfm to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.238/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-d7c5x to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.52/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-d8x5n to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.136/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dbdn8 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.249/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dgk2l to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.51/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dhbjt to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.158/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dhp7t to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.90/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-djrdt to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.9/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dkmrr to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.231/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dp2dm to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.39/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dr9sx to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.161/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-drz6s to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.138/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dtllj to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.110/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dtndx to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.65/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dxlb8 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.40/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dz7st to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.133/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-f4gt6 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.202/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-f5wj6 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.45/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-f7tgx to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.63/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-fdwvt to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.61/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ffzgc to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.29/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-fg2nw to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.189/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-fgg9z to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.112/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-fkl8x to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.55/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-fqq8t to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.15/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-fqthn to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.54/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ftqrd to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.139/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-fzcpz to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.78/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-g4bll to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.130/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-g4wbm to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.79/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-g96ms to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.52/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gcf5b to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.247/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gcfr7 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.88/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gcht6 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.123/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gdmjq to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.237/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ggfnw to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.95/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gptsh to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.173/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-grzhb to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.37/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gsf4p to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.253/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gslm9 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.71/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gtjtd to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.248/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gvzx7 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.61/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gx27c to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.75/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-gzc6j to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.96/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-h4f9l to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.6/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hdkb6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.97/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hdnxv to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.82/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hgrht to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.24/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hjctn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.111/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hl7mj to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.118/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hnnrw to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.241/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hntts to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.169/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-hrs9m to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.81/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-j2f6f to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.110/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-j2pjp to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.110/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-j44gj to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.134/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-j4mtk to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.49/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-j5pdh to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.36/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-j6gml to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.14/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-jcqvz to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.230/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-jgbhr to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.65/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-jlzwf to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.150/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-jxmp2 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.54/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-jz8zf to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.128/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-k2q8t to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.232/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-k2xvr to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.58/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-k5vqz to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.113/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-k6thh to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.77/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-k8mw6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.112/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-k9kr5 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.13/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-kd97p to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.128/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-kfpqs to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.66/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-kgm8r to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.93/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-kkjn7 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.185/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-kp92w to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.33/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-krgn8 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.84/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ks4vk to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.12/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-kv7vr to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.39/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-l5qtw to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.60/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-l9dj6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.87/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-lfncm to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.164/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-lgwh2 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.236/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-lhhg8 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.85/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ljl9s to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.122/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-llm5l to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.68/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-lpgm8 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.98/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-lqnz2 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.28/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ltjfm to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.121/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-lw8gx to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.30/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-lwdbl to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.212/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-m5rxm to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.213/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-m766w to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.123/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mhcl8 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.178/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mhcw5 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.206/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mhk9x to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.48/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mhzpz to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.203/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mlsn8 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.62/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mnzsv to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.240/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mv67w to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.221/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mvbrz to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.109/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mvhtg to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.53/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mxwpd to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.148/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-mz4wj to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.16/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-n26gf to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.182/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-n5vrq to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.69/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nbgq2 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.119/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nf2mn to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.186/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nkh98 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.239/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nl6kv to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.114/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nqjbf to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.43/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ns2mr to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.46/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nscrv to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.27/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nsdsn to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.233/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nsj8w to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.132/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nvc2l to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.194/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-nwnjc to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.98/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-p2tqc to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.145/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-p9888 to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.114/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-p9fjt to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.131/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pc8jk to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.50/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pdlwk to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.96/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pgmnr to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.72/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-phmgv to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.59/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pk8b6 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.215/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pq787 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.120/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-prhpr to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.155/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-psjxj to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.45/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pv8xb to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.222/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pxgk8 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.103/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-q2mcq to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.250/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-q57g4 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.108/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-q6gkw to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.103/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-q6sgt to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.219/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-q72p2 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.119/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qbw6t to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.156/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qf68t to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.115/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qfmtn to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.115/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qqwqn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.115/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qsnc5 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.42/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qtfjw to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.116/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qx9dp to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.129/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-qzdp4 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.209/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-r2l85 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.225/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-r44kp to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.51/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-r69lj to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.151/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-r78kx to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.199/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-rcmfx to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.197/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-rdlmq to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.63/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-rgrk2 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.48/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-rj8b2 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.47/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-rtnqt to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.109/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-rzp5q to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.252/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-s42fr to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.32/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-s6mfx to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.126/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-sbrnz to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.85/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-scgzt to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.218/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-scr6g to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.44/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-sf6p7 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.70/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-sfp9n to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.188/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-sqb7b to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.118/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-sqqh7 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.114/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-sqwtb to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.154/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-srwnd to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.172/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-stdkr to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.106/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-svhgb to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.18/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-sxzzd to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.234/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-t7jzc to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.176/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-t8fdx to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.198/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-tlg2n to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.40/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-tmtnn to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.57/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-tnv72 to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.120/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-trkfk to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.130/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-ts57v to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.57/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-tw54v to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.76/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-tz67f to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.107/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-tzrkc to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.97/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-v2gqc to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.201/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-v8l5t to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.214/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vb6fn to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.10/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vcql6 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.224/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vfmqp to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.35/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vjprh to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.57/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vjwqk to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.30/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vk595 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.107/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vl8wj to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.140/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vprqh to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.61/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vq8xj to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.94/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vv78r to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.180/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vzxct to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.99/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-w4h7t to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.124/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-w6jg6 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.167/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-w9kn7 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.152/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-wch58 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.141/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-wdrgn to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.67/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-whlv2 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.127/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-wjsv9 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.227/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-wknnn to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.47/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-wm2v8 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.113/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-wxq9z to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.131/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-x4ckr to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.32/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-x5nnd to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.104/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-x69xk to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.190/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-x6vjz to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.92/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-x6zhj to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.113/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-x7tmq to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.159/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-x84vz to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.95/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-xftt8 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.18/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-xh7gl to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.49/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-xn9qq to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.162/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-xq5bd to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.86/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-xrdb8 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.31/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-z4njm to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.43/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-z5rrn to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.21/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-z7vss to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.63/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-z8qr6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.19/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zb5b4 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.64/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zcvns to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.34/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zdzdc to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.23/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zfw9f to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.58/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zhcr5 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.38/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zjs59 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.146/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zlg2r to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.242/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zn9r8 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.65/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-znmjm to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.44/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zptq5 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.143/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zrmnm to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.243/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zsscz to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.64/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zsv2f to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.102/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zt4rh to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.144/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Operation cannot be fulfilled on githubactionrunners.garo.tietoevry.com "runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1": the object has been modified; please apply your changes to the latest version and try again
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,(combined from similar events): Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-5tjm4
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vq8xj
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-zhcr5
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-4grpd
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-pdlwk
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-dp2dm
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-b82l7
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-57sf4
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-tlg2n
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-actions-csas-linux-1-pod-vzxct
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-29tvk to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.132/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-2lw7x to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.250/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-2r9x2 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.254/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-2wqwd to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.30/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-455vk to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.69/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-45bbx to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.140/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-4j5lt to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.70/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-4sxjc to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.247/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-4t626 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.18/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-567mq to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.252/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-5fs9n to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.90/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-5mg77 to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.251/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-5vlb6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.60/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-5vzcn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.70/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-5wl9p to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.235/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-694gt to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.64/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-6m4wm to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.136/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-6qh7h to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.244/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-6rtkg to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.77/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-6zjf7 to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.71/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-7g9gv to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.15/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8gjql to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.25/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8gkjt to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.19/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8kmxl to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.196/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8pbpv to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.8/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8rksh to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.62/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8sdwr to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.82/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8szpj to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.101/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8tbwb to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.94/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8z9dl to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.25/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-8zj4m to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.246/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-92fnz to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.101/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-9dn24 to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.10/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-9l6zt to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.31/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-9vqpt to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.85/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-9z7nl to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.68/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-9zk2l to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.78/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-b8lx6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.241/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-bf29b to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.72/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-blfnz to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.181/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-cf9sw to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.37/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-cjnmn to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.153/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-d7296 to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.72/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-ddrzq to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.9/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-dncrq to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.200/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-dq5lt to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.49/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-f5n6p to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.9/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-fdjfm to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.240/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-fjh9g to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.72/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-fk4mb to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.94/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-fqnrg to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.184/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-ftrgm to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.34/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-gbcvp to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.87/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-gftlg to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.36/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-gkk6q to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.23/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-gmhk7 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.116/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-hk4dl to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.88/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-hkhh2 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.21/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-hql62 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.15/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-hsz9z to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.117/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-hvgh4 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.73/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-hvhls to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.35/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-hw5bx to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.93/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-j2mfc to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.47/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-j4txb to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.106/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-j9l8d to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.81/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-jbbj7 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.253/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-jg9hc to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.42/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-jhj8f to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.66/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-jjqm6 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.245/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-jsc7g to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.38/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-k44pp to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.34/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-k5n8t to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.11/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-k9t72 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.245/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-kfw2t to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.17/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-kgsw7 to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.75/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-klljx to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.93/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-ks2g8 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.17/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-l85xq to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.249/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-lfdjr to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.88/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-lggsb to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.118/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-lkmqc to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.80/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-m2fbb to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.119/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-mcdjb to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.92/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-mct69 to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.79/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-mptzt to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.101/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-mqdjb to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.105/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-nfqq6 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.13/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-ngzcq to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.22/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-nkchj to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.78/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-nmbvw to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.69/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-nsb6d to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.62/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-ntg24 to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.28/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-nzhdz to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.68/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-p4j9s to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.65/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-pdv5r to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.91/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-ph6nj to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.74/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-q2fss to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.111/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qh6jc to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.244/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qlttk to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.86/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qvf8s to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.89/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qvtcg to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.59/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qzcbj to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.12/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qzj65 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.141/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qzkd8 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.7/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-r95cf to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.56/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-rl9lg to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.20/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-rlg57 to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.106/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-rm6bh to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.83/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-rtd74 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.248/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-s6qtb to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.12/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-sgjbv to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.177/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-sh694 to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.73/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-sk8k6 to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.32/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-smpkb to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.22/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-sxb7c to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.11/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-t7bc8 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.123/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-tccr5 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.6/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-tcd2t to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.14/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-tdcwj to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.82/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-tg7lb to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.120/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-thrn6 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.84/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-v2f44 to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.126/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-v42mf to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.73/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-v7v82 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.56/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-vb7mj to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.61/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-vdjnx to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.242/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-vfv8g to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.76/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-vjkxv to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.122/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-vqk52 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.5/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-vscc5 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.16/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-w6kfn to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.14/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-wsgbr to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.111/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-x68pg to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.135/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-xb5x4 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.142/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-xj2lj to ghrunners03 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.71/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-xp5q9 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.26.21/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-z2n94 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.127/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-z429m to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.13/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-znrxl to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.79/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-zwkhc to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.24/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-zxgpj to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.124/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,(combined from similar events): Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-xb5x4
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-9vqpt
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-qlttk
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-gbcvp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-lfdjr
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-k5n8t
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-z429m
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-m2fbb
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-tg7lb
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-nzhdz
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-vjkxv
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-t7bc8
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-nmbvw
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-dev-csas-linux-1-pod-4j5lt
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-2m4vk to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.67/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-2rcc7 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.39/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-4f494 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.66/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-4jlht to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.3/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-54kjn to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.90/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-54zrd to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.8/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-5jrvl to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.104/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-6d7bc to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.243/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-6jbdk to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.129/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-77bjr to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.27.193/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-79tb9 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.63/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-7b4vl to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.174/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-7fdrp to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.29.59/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-7j7c6 to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.10/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-8srtv to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.7/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-bq857 to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.109/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-cjml5 to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.86/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-dp8zx to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.83/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-dthzw to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.139/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-f9zj4 to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.80/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-g4b8g to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.29/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-g79qf to ghrunners03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.27.44/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-h8x46 to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.33/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-hs6qt to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.125/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-k6vsz to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.191/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-l8cpq to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.91/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-mxkmw to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.27.171/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-npwct to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.36/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-nzwsr to ghrunners02 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.29.99/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-qlrm4 to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.84/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-rv6d9 to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.77/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-sjhh8 to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Add eth0 [100.96.29.112/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-tc8cn to ghrunners02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.29.137/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-tg7tz to ghrunners02 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.83/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-twhrl to ghrunners03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.27.170/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-xdh8f to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.81/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-z8q4d to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.175/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-zstrk to ghrunners02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.29.105/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container runner
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Started container runner
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Operation cannot be fulfilled on githubactionrunners.garo.tietoevry.com "runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1": the object has been modified; please apply your changes to the latest version and try again
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,(combined from similar events): Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-sjhh8
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-8srtv
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-g4b8g
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-7j7c6
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-qlrm4
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-h8x46
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-l8cpq
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-6jbdk
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-npwct
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-7fdrp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-2rcc7
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-twhrl
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-tg7tz
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-mxkmw
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-cjml5
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-7b4vl
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-54kjn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-z8q4d
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-rv6d9
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-f9zj4
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-g79qf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-tc8cn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-4f494
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-dthzw
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod csas-github-actions-runner-pool/runner-pool-csas-ops-csas-linux-1-pod-hs6qt
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/update-maven-settings-27878940-28lpz to ghrunners01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Add eth0 [100.96.26.2/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created container maven-settings
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container maven-settings
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: update-maven-settings-27878940-28lpz
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/update-maven-settings-27879000-nvvsw to ghrunners01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.26.67/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created container maven-settings
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container maven-settings
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod: update-maven-settings-27879000-nvvsw
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/update-maven-settings-27879060-dfhh4 to ghrunners03 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Add eth0 [100.96.27.67/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container maven-settings
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container maven-settings
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod: update-maven-settings-27879060-dfhh4
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-maven-settings-27878940
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: update-maven-settings-27878940, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-maven-settings-27878880
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job update-maven-settings-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: update-maven-settings-27879000, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-maven-settings-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job update-maven-settings-27879060
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: update-maven-settings-27879060, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-maven-settings-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/update-remote-registry-27878940-xzxnp to ghrunners01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.26.254/24] from openshift-sdn
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27878940-xzxnp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/update-remote-registry-27879000-znf8n to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.68/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container registries-conf
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27879000-znf8n
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Successfully assigned csas-github-actions-runner-pool/update-remote-registry-27879060-t65kc to ghrunners01 by master01
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.26.121/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/github-docker-local/gha-runner:v2.1.2" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container registries-conf
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod: update-remote-registry-27879060-t65kc
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Created job update-remote-registry-27878940
project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27878940, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27878880
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Created job update-remote-registry-27879000
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27879000, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27878940
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,Created job update-remote-registry-27879060
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,Saw completed job: update-remote-registry-27879060, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=devtools,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-github-actions-runner-pool,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,project=github-actions,Deleted job update-remote-registry-27879000
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,csas-project-operator-controller-manager-67b78db6cc-crcsv_ce0b4b2f-c402-4748-acb7-434b46b1fb58 became leader
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,csas-project-operator-controller-manager-67b78db6cc-crcsv_ce0b4b2f-c402-4748-acb7-434b46b1fb58 became leader
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,csas-project-operator-controller-manager-67b78db6cc-crcsv_13a1e76d-2a2f-4eb6-8baa-5c98944041db became leader
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,csas-project-operator-controller-manager-67b78db6cc-crcsv_13a1e76d-2a2f-4eb6-8baa-5c98944041db became leader
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/openshift-docker-local/csas-project-operator:1.2.4" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,Created container manager
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container manager
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Readiness probe failed: Get "http://100.96.5.8:8081/readyz": context deadline exceeded (Client.Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers)
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=csas-project-operator,Liveness probe failed: Get "http://100.96.5.8:8081/healthz": context deadline exceeded (Client.Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers)
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=default,Object updated
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=dev-lin-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=dev-lin,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/dev-lin-docker-local/rediscli:0.0.0-master.0c64f524-expire2208221434"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=devops-swat-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=devops-swat,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/cicdworkshop-docker-local/app45:1.1.0"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=devops-swat-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=devops-swat,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/cicdworkshop-docker-local/app45:1.1.0"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=devops-swat-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=devops-swat,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/cicdworkshop-docker-local/app45:1.1.0"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=devops-swat-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=devops-swat,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/cicdworkshop-docker-local/app45:1.1.0"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=devops-swat-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=devops-swat,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,storageclass.storage.k8s.io "my-storage-class" not found
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=devops-track-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=devops-track,Pulling image "ubi8/httpd-24:latest"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=devops-track-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=devops-track,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Back-off pulling image "ubi8/httpd-24:latest"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=ecrs,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=ecrs-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,Container image "docker.io/bitnami/apache:2.4.54-debian-11-r42" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=ecrs,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=ecrs-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,Back-off restarting failed container
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=ecrs-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=ecrs,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Liveness probe failed: command timed out
ops.csas.cz/project=ecrs,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=ecrs-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,Readiness probe failed: command timed out
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=ecrs-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=ecrs,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Readiness probe failed: command timed out
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,SealedSecret unsealed successfully
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Updated Application 'finprof-dev-finprof-api-service' in namespace csas-argocd-app
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Failed to sync Application 'finprof-dev-finprof-api-service' in namespace csas-argocd-app: failed to update existing Application.argoproj.io: Operation cannot be fulfilled on applications.argoproj.io "finprof-dev-finprof-api-service": the object has been modified; please apply your changes to the latest version and try again
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned finprof-dev/finprof-dev-finprof-api-service-6575bbc885-9zm7r to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.173/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/finprof-docker-local/finprof-api-service:0.0.33"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/finprof-docker-local/finprof-api-service:0.0.33" in 2.783597215s
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container finprof-api-service
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,Started container finprof-api-service
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,Created pod: finprof-dev-finprof-api-service-6575bbc885-9zm7r
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container finprof-api-service
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Deleted pod: finprof-dev-finprof-api-service-69dc8c85fd-h6n7q
ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Scaled up replica set finprof-dev-finprof-api-service-6575bbc885 to 1
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=finprof-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=finprof,Scaled down replica set finprof-dev-finprof-api-service-69dc8c85fd to 0
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=flexi-deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=flexi,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/flexi-docker-local/flexi-be:5.0.51-feature-helmCharts.2d28b724-expire2212190852"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=flexi-deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=flexi,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/flexi-docker-local/flexi-be:5.0.51-feature-helmCharts.2d28b724-expire2212190852"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=flexi-deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=flexi,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/flexi-docker-local/flexi-be:5.0.51-feature-helmCharts.faff4533-expire2212190828" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=flexi-deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=deva,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=flexi,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Back-off restarting failed container
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=inet-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=inet,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Readiness probe failed: Get "http://100.96.1.28:9117/metrics": context deadline exceeded (Client.Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers)
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=inet,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=inet-int,Readiness probe failed: Get "http://100.96.18.10:9117/metrics": context deadline exceeded (Client.Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers)
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,MountVolume.SetUp failed for volume "nginx-ssl-key-passwd" : secret "key.password" not found
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[nginx-config nginx-ssl-key-passwd kube-api-access-9tq98]: timed out waiting for the condition
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[kube-api-access-9tq98 nginx-config nginx-ssl-key-passwd]: timed out waiting for the condition
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd kube-api-access-9tq98 nginx-config]: timed out waiting for the condition
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,MountVolume.SetUp failed for volume "nginx-ssl-key-passwd" : secret "key.password" not found
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd kube-api-access-gk67q nginx-config]: timed out waiting for the condition
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[kube-api-access-gk67q nginx-config nginx-ssl-key-passwd]: timed out waiting for the condition
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[nginx-config nginx-ssl-key-passwd kube-api-access-gk67q]: timed out waiting for the condition
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,MountVolume.SetUp failed for volume "nginx-ssl-key-passwd" : secret "key.password" not found
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd kube-api-access-mch94 nginx-config]: timed out waiting for the condition
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[kube-api-access-mch94 nginx-config nginx-ssl-key-passwd]: timed out waiting for the condition
ops.csas.cz/project=kafka,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=kafka-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Unable to attach or mount volumes: unmounted volumes=[nginx-ssl-key-passwd], unattached volumes=[nginx-config nginx-ssl-key-passwd kube-api-access-mch94]: timed out waiting for the condition
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-etcd-operator,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/run-level=0,etcd member has been defragmented: master02, memberID: 8286641250536099771
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-etcd-operator,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/run-level=0,etcd member has been defragmented: master03, memberID: 10365153023388290143
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-etcd-operator,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/run-level=0,Attempting defrag on member: master02, memberID: 73001050174d8fbb, dbSize: 413822976, dbInUse: 227504128, leader ID: 2868338576219160105
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-etcd-operator,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/run-level=0,Attempting defrag on member: master03, memberID: 8fd86bc201a00c5f, dbSize: 411348992, dbInUse: 225808384, leader ID: 2868338576219160105
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27878910-hdzv5 to infra01 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.164/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27878910-hdzv5
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27878925-s8s5k to infra01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.168/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27878925-s8s5k
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27878940-h964b to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.171/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container indexmanagement
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27878940-h964b
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27878955-c55s5 to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.14.174/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27878955-c55s5
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27878970-p6d56 to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.176/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27878970-p6d56
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27878985-ssl9d to infra01 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.179/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27878985-ssl9d
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27879000-q6wdw to infra01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.182/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27879000-q6wdw
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27879015-2n8dp to infra01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.187/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27879015-2n8dp
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27879030-bcr5k to infra01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.188/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27879030-bcr5k
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27879045-kc8ct to infra01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.191/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27879045-kc8ct
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27879060-76rc9 to infra01 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.196/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27879060-76rc9
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-app-27879075-d6wmq to infra01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.198/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-app-27879075-d6wmq
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27878910
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27878910, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27878895
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27878925
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27878925, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27878910
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27878940, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27878925
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27878955
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27878955, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27878970
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27878970, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27878955
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27878985
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27878985, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27878970
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27879000, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27878985
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27879015
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27879015, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27879000
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27879030
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27879030, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27879015
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27879045
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27879045, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27879030
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27879060
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27879060, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27879045
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created job elasticsearch-im-app-27879075
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-app-27879075, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-app-27879060
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27878910-xrzxg to infra01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.166/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878910-xrzxg
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27878925-7r6sv to infra01 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.169/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878925-7r6sv
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27878940-5fbmj to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.172/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878940-5fbmj
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27878955-rdv8f to infra01 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.173/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878955-rdv8f
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27878970-xm6sw to infra01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.177/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878970-xm6sw
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27878985-h9tkh to infra01 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.181/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878985-h9tkh
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27879000-nrsqs to infra01 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.184/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container indexmanagement
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879000-nrsqs
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27879015-9pmdb to infra01 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.185/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879015-9pmdb
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27879030-zht6q to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.14.190/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Started container indexmanagement
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879030-zht6q
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27879045-m7dhp to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.193/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879045-m7dhp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27879060-nfrt7 to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.14.195/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879060-nfrt7
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-audit-27879075-x76j6 to infra01 by master01
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.197/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879075-x76j6
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878910
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878910, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878895
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878925
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878925, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878910
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878940
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878940, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878925
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878955
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878955, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878970
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878970, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878955
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878985
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27878985, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878970
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879000, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27878985
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879015
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879015, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879000
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879030
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879030, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879015
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879045
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879045, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879030
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879060
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879060, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879045
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879075
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-audit-27879075, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-audit-27879060
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27878910-xtsm8 to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.165/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878910-xtsm8
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27878925-9qk4q to infra01 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.167/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878925-9qk4q
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27878940-xtq57 to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.170/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878940-xtq57
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27878955-44trh to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.175/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878955-44trh
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27878970-tx6xs to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.178/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created container indexmanagement
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878970-tx6xs
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Job completed
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27878985-gj6cb to infra01 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.180/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878985-gj6cb
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27879000-f4vz9 to infra01 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.183/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created container indexmanagement
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879000-f4vz9
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27879015-hjc5x to infra01 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Add eth0 [100.96.14.186/24] from openshift-sdn
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879015-hjc5x
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Job completed
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27879030-dtxvh to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Add eth0 [100.96.14.189/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container indexmanagement
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879030-dtxvh
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27879045-9g7pc to infra01 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.192/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container indexmanagement
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879045-9g7pc
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27879060-qpqxj to infra01 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.14.194/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879060-qpqxj
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Successfully assigned openshift-logging/elasticsearch-im-infra-27879075-pwqjb to infra01 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.14.199/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Container image "registry.redhat.io/openshift-logging/logging-curator5-rhel8@sha256:b019a246c83bcd24929fcc46a4a12641c027adf6301ed020c61fcd8dc2c603e7" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created container indexmanagement
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Started container indexmanagement
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879075-pwqjb
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878910
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878910, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878895
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878925
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878925, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878910
olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878940, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878925
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878955
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878955, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878970
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878970, status: Complete
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878955
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878985
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27878985, status: Complete
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878970
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879000
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879000, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27878985
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879015
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879015, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879030
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879030, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879015
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879045
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879045, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879030
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879060
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879060, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879045
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879075
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,Saw completed job: elasticsearch-im-infra-27879075, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,Deleted job elasticsearch-im-infra-27879060
argocd.argoproj.io/instance-sys=openshift-logging,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-logging,olm.operatorgroup.uid/b74d2dfd-058d-4792-9eaf-ad2c3dd09bdb=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce=privileged,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=privileged,All pipelines are valid
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-4pfjv to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.251/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 90.106179ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-7l6pw to master03 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.1.56/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 112.419182ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-8jscc to master03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.55/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 99.81061ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-dfsss to master03 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.1.59/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 153.298443ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-dnvhm to master03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.11/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 118.601912ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-nmhdh to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.58/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 125.343371ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-pcrmz to master03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.4/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 121.544067ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-pdh4c to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.54/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 117.048165ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-psnw6 to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.241/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 159.037733ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-r2l4k to master03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.58/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 134.208818ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-rk49j to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.45/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 108.285993ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-s877j to master03 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.57/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 139.048794ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-scc4v to master03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.45/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 97.755264ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-tgqkf to master03 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.1.53/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 156.739822ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-z5kb6 to master03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.3/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 137.004443ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/certified-operators-zfdck to master03 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.1.254/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11" in 111.214956ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-2fslj to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.52/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 120.023359ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Startup probe failed: command timed out
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-428dm to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.244/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 104.62776ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Startup probe failed: command timed out
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-544tv to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.253/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 123.369302ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-7r5vp to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.234/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 1.333039475s
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Startup probe failed: command timed out
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-8rtqt to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.2.240/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 109.126165ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: command timed out
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-974p6 to master02 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Add eth0 [100.96.2.48/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 1.108809917s
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: command timed out
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-9zzt7 to master02 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Add eth0 [100.96.2.56/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 136.976045ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-b5lzq to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.10/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 135.498607ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-cgtbb to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.63/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 94.763521ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-hxgdn to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.3/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 103.922966ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-k276f to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.237/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 142.431452ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-mz2k8 to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.43/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 142.918678ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-p9xr4 to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.20/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 96.121782ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-qfzl2 to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.2.60/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 136.048208ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Startup probe failed: command timed out
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-rrm64 to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.246/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 4.156690899s
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: command timed out
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-zrjf9 to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.249/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 150.446521ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/community-operators-ztl49 to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.66/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/community-operator-index:v4.11" in 161.501485ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-8b9zz to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.238/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 120.340728ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-9nzl7 to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.40/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 159.959192ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-frvnd to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.242/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 114.964087ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-g8w9f to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.235/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 133.440646ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-hpmjz to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.247/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 4.37438892s
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-hv2gj to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.250/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 115.770911ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-l4nbt to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.55/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 127.110587ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-l89gf to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.254/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 117.517912ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-nqg2r to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.51/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 110.658849ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-q8wqk to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.47/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 128.156076ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-qfqdz to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.34/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 104.981353ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-qv9mr to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.5/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 141.742905ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-szcvl to master02 by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.2.59/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 91.133224ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-vlnhr to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.12/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 85.856276ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-vn58l to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.65/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 165.502482ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-marketplace-xmz9p to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.62/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-marketplace-index:v4.11" in 116.299761ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-2ln9d to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.53/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 117.294354ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-6md4t to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.243/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 136.792964ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: command timed out
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-9bb5g to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.233/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 115.188067ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-bf7v7 to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.2.248/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 172.960364ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: command timed out
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-bpcqs to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.6/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 97.652202ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-dtfv8 to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.2.236/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 113.417914ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-hx96m to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.61/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 168.131135ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Startup probe failed: command timed out
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-kdzfk to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.252/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 101.334751ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-mbbkc to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.36/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 119.397927ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-npwgv to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.49/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 109.272269ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-pstz9 to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.19/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 120.863257ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-sv89c to master02 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Add eth0 [100.96.2.57/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 107.52959ms
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Stopping container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-vldcz to master02 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.2.2/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 102.982489ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-vpbcr to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.239/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 142.7395ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-wrnxv to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.64/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 152.590106ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-xvjt9 to master02 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.2.245/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 105.113381ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container registry-server
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned openshift-marketplace/redhat-operators-zz86z to master02 by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Add eth0 [100.96.2.44/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11"
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,Successfully pulled image "registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11" in 199.681675ms
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container registry-server
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Startup probe failed: timeout: failed to connect service ":50051" within 1s

openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-marketplace,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Stopping container registry-server
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27878910-l5cwv to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Add eth0 [100.96.25.166/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27878910-l5cwv
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27878925-rc79x to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Add eth0 [100.96.25.177/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27878925-rc79x
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27878940-xrtdv to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Add eth0 [100.96.25.184/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27878940-xrtdv
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27878955-gbl5p to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.25.194/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Created pod: collect-profiles-27878955-gbl5p
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27878970-bbdzq to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Add eth0 [100.96.25.204/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27878970-bbdzq
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27878985-m6v7s to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.25.212/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Created pod: collect-profiles-27878985-m6v7s
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27879000-xqck7 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Add eth0 [100.96.25.221/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: collect-profiles-27879000-xqck7
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27879015-bhdln to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Add eth0 [100.96.25.228/24] from openshift-sdn
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27879015-bhdln
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27879030-rvbs9 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.25.238/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27879030-rvbs9
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27879045-gjz5v to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Add eth0 [100.96.25.246/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27879045-gjz5v
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27879060-fnx4g to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Add eth0 [100.96.25.253/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created container collect-profiles
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Started container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created pod: collect-profiles-27879060-fnx4g
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Job completed
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Successfully assigned openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager/collect-profiles-27879075-584wf to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Add eth0 [100.96.25.11/24] from openshift-sdn
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Container image "quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256:e5ce28e046cc992cf72f0d473b1bd8bf72aac8e6d0b8d8bb38e6b0e0bda8f4c7" already present on machine
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Created container collect-profiles
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Started container collect-profiles
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created pod: collect-profiles-27879075-584wf
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Job completed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27878910
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27878910, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878865
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27878925
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27878925, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878880
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27878940
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27878940, status: Complete
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878895
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27878955
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27878955, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878910
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27878970
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27878970, status: Complete
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878925
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Created job collect-profiles-27878985
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27878985, status: Complete
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878940
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27879000
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27879000, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878955
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27879015
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27879015, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878970
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27879030
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27879030, status: Complete
openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,Deleted job collect-profiles-27878985
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created job collect-profiles-27879045
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27879045, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Deleted job collect-profiles-27879000
openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,Created job collect-profiles-27879060
olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27879060, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Deleted job collect-profiles-27879015
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Created job collect-profiles-27879075
olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,Saw completed job: collect-profiles-27879075, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager,olm.operatorgroup.uid/c4e027ae-acfe-4adb-92bf-9fd3fab6a3a0=,olm.operatorgroup.uid/d91045da-eef8-42ee-ba26-bcb6fc7a6a7a=,openshift.io/cluster-monitoring=true,openshift.io/scc=anyuid,Deleted job collect-profiles-27879030
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=rds-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=rds,Updated Application 'rds-dev-rds-core-scripts' in namespace csas-argocd-app
ops.csas.cz/project=rds,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=rds-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Failed to sync Application 'rds-dev-rds-core-scripts' in namespace csas-argocd-app: failed to update existing Application.argoproj.io: Operation cannot be fulfilled on applications.argoproj.io "rds-dev-rds-core-scripts": the object has been modified; please apply your changes to the latest version and try again
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210131214"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-dev,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210131214"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210131214"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210131214"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210250856"
ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210250856"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210250856"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=shield-int,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=int,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=test,ops.csas.cz/project=shield,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Back-off pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/shield-docker-local/shield-adiutor-be:1.1.4-master.416921a2-expire2210250856"
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tac-dev/tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878910-4z2gp to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.165/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "registry.redhat.io/rhel7-atomic:latest" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,Created pod: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878910-4z2gp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,Job completed
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Successfully assigned tac-dev/tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878940-7zjq2 to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.24.33/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,Container image "registry.redhat.io/rhel7-atomic:latest" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878940-7zjq2
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tac-dev/tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878970-jkvxz to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.203/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "registry.redhat.io/rhel7-atomic:latest" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878970-jkvxz
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tac-dev/tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879000-5xszj to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.220/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "registry.redhat.io/rhel7-atomic:latest" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879000-5xszj
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job completed
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tac-dev/tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879030-p6h2z to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.237/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Container image "registry.redhat.io/rhel7-atomic:latest" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Created container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Created pod: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879030-p6h2z
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tac-dev/tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879060-bg8qz to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,Add eth0 [100.96.24.47/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "registry.redhat.io/rhel7-atomic:latest" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-build
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879060-bg8qz
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Job completed
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878910
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878910, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878880
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Created job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878940
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Saw completed job: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878940, status: Complete
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Deleted job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878910
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Created job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878970
ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Saw completed job: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878970, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878940
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Created job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879000
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Saw completed job: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879000, status: Complete
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Deleted job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27878970
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879030
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Saw completed job: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879030, status: Complete
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,Deleted job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,Created job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879060
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879060, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tac-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tac,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job tac-dev-ta-club-api-cronjob-scrape-patria-27879030
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878920-4nlbw to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.174/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 67.380685ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878920-m5ccx to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.172/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 113.597674ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878920-m5ccx
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878920-4nlbw
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878940-dxzkq to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.188/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 71.737469ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878940-sbsqm to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.186/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 68.014499ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878940-sbsqm
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878940-dxzkq
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878960-5vgkm to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.24.35/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 88.831724ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878960-rhnn6 to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.24.36/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 64.875037ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878960-5vgkm
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878960-rhnn6
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878980-26rjt to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.208/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 52.26294ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878980-mmvhm to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.211/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 418.227979ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878980-26rjt
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878980-mmvhm
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879000-8mf24 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.223/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 48.619484ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879000-fvl5v to worker-00-50-56-ac-0c-29 by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.21.32/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 56.299676ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879000-fvl5v
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879000-8mf24
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879020-gf7mw to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.232/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 57.980079ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879020-pl9gx to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.234/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 65.395754ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879020-gf7mw
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879020-pl9gx
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879040-j8xb8 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.242/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 192.850969ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879040-tbd7f to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.244/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 60.408996ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879040-j8xb8
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879040-tbd7f
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879060-hv99x to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.8/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 81.365544ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879060-twbk7 to worker-00-50-56-ac-0c-29 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.21.33/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 54.109287ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879060-twbk7
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879060-hv99x
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879080-t6q2z to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.15/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 51.743397ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879080-xwdvg to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.13/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 51.545464ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879080-xwdvg
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879080-t6q2z
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878920
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878920, status: Failed
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878900
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878940
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878940, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878920
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878960
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878960, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878980
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878980, status: Failed
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878960
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879000
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879000, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27878980
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879020
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879020, status: Failed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879000
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879040
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879040, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879020
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879060
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879060, status: Failed
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879040
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879080
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879080, status: Failed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-generate-visa-outgoing-file-27879060
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878920-p2j9x to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.171/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 147.683604ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878920-rfb7f to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.175/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 45.046069ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878920-p2j9x
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878920-rfb7f
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878940-pwfbl to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.185/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 140.254006ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878940-s6v2m to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.24.34/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 75.372476ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878940-pwfbl
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878940-s6v2m
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878960-7lwks to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.200/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 45.577467ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878960-ckspv to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.198/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 70.74864ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878960-ckspv
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878960-7lwks
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878980-dwr8r to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.24.38/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 45.4608ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878980-mx9sp to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.24.39/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 52.032396ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878980-dwr8r
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878980-mx9sp
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879000-9bmp7 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.222/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 75.87056ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879000-cd2n4 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.219/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 75.536506ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879000-cd2n4
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879000-9bmp7
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879020-7qsph to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.24.43/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 122.222609ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879020-v25st to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.24.42/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 45.167958ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879020-v25st
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879020-7qsph
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879040-bvw5w to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.245/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 53.023789ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879040-ctwt9 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.243/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 89.662557ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879040-ctwt9
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879040-bvw5w
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879060-94djv to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.254/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 99.447881ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879060-r8m69 to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.24.48/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 94.78506ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879060-94djv
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879060-r8m69
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879080-tl6br to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.14/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 131.263608ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879080-tl6br
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Job completed
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878920
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878920, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878900
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878940
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878940, status: Failed
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878920
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878960
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878960, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878940
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878980
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878980, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878960
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879000
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879000, status: Failed
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27878980
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879020
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879020, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879000
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879040
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879040, status: Failed
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879020
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879060
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879060, status: Failed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879040
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879080
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Saw completed job: tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27879080, status: Complete
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Deleted job tpb-dev-load-atm-posting-file-27870580
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878905-2svmn to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.164/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 128.134403ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878905-w774z to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.163/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 160.672387ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878905-w774z
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878905-2svmn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878910-nkw44 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.167/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 127.045251ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878910-vblcx to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.168/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 64.005388ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878910-nkw44
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878910-vblcx
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878915-fxrgp to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.169/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 151.745158ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878915-qqxtb to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.170/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 63.204745ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878915-fxrgp
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878915-qqxtb
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878920-6ns4q to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.24.31/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 78.845224ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878920-9pjtp to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.24.32/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 72.849972ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878920-6ns4q
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878920-9pjtp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878925-5vfwg to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.178/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 127.624635ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878925-qr489 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.179/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 50.624706ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878925-5vfwg
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878925-qr489
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878930-8jt2j to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.180/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 123.55557ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878930-dvhf4 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.181/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 139.147384ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878930-8jt2j
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878930-dvhf4
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878935-6s4g4 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.183/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 92.281632ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878935-dz2ht to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.182/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 47.940302ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878935-dz2ht
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878935-6s4g4
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878940-w6vt6 to worker-00-50-56-ac-0c-29 by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.21.31/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 171.057428ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878940-wq96w to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.187/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 48.336487ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878940-w6vt6
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878940-wq96w
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878945-2852g to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.191/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 166.850674ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878945-67nlh to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.190/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 86.570017ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878945-67nlh
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878945-2852g
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878950-85jfv to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.193/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 130.572331ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878950-x4bcj to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.192/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 95.358402ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878950-x4bcj
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878950-85jfv
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878955-d4qt2 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.196/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 130.297857ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878955-mmf7q to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.195/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 56.600008ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878955-mmf7q
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878955-d4qt2
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878960-99w6k to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.199/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 64.95757ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878960-cmbrp to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.197/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 117.387683ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878960-cmbrp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878960-99w6k
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878965-b6jh9 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.201/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 185.284557ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878965-d5zt5 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.202/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 60.151932ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878965-b6jh9
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878965-d5zt5
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878970-nm884 to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.24.37/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 106.454117ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878970-zxv95 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.205/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 60.095021ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878970-nm884
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878970-zxv95
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878975-8kxjj to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.206/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 59.740755ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878975-g2w7k to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.207/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 72.282193ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878975-8kxjj
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878975-g2w7k
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878980-8b54s to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.210/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 113.574216ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878980-zbwxt to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.209/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 59.331579ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878980-zbwxt
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878980-8b54s
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878985-ctd54 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.213/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 216.5256ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878985-gnqg5 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.214/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 44.110884ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878985-ctd54
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878985-gnqg5
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878990-jr2w2 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.215/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 166.101957ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878990-wcbzc to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.216/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 149.774997ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878990-jr2w2
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878990-wcbzc
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878995-hzvnn to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.217/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 70.387392ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27878995-kcxpv to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.218/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 140.35171ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878995-hzvnn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27878995-kcxpv
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879000-cb9jj to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.24.41/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 72.813385ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879000-pjdfp to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.24.40/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 76.789896ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879000-pjdfp
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879000-cb9jj
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879005-5rllg to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.225/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 93.101771ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879005-f77vq to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.224/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 85.849014ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879005-f77vq
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879005-5rllg
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879010-j4ksp to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.227/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 56.175092ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879010-pvcq6 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.226/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 66.637848ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879010-pvcq6
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879010-j4ksp
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879015-fb2qr to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.229/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 61.079113ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879015-klr8s to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.230/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 63.877374ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879015-fb2qr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879015-klr8s
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879020-gkc88 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.231/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 73.44425ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879020-rn5pc to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Add eth0 [100.96.25.233/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 64.165088ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879020-gkc88
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879020-rn5pc
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879025-c5ffb to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.236/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 45.906073ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879025-qfvt5 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.235/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 56.654693ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879025-qfvt5
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879025-c5ffb
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879030-hsj8x to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.239/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 138.621582ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879030-s47cx to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.24.44/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 59.665632ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879030-s47cx
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879030-hsj8x
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879035-nppxq to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.241/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 67.777567ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879035-rjr5j to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.240/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 55.793195ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879035-rjr5j
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879035-nppxq
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879040-grq67 to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.24.45/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 116.434804ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879040-pbb6f to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.24.46/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 61.298467ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879040-grq67
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879040-pbb6f
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879045-c6p2t to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.248/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 64.553924ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879045-d527v to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.247/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 228.916812ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879045-d527v
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879045-c6p2t
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879050-bz4rt to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.250/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 152.011339ms
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879050-j448f to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.249/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 302.57132ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879050-j448f
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879050-bz4rt
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879055-8kzvn to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.251/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 57.189252ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879055-9jwxm to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.252/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 64.739932ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879055-8kzvn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879055-9jwxm
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879060-c7hn9 to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.2/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 131.752469ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879060-hj2gg to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.7/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 117.399949ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879060-c7hn9
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879060-hj2gg
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Job has reached the specified backoff limit
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879065-qqjkm to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Add eth0 [100.96.25.9/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 184.240182ms
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Created container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879065-qqjkm
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879070-vsb5r to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Add eth0 [100.96.25.10/24] from openshift-sdn
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 202.179879ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Created container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Started container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879070-vsb5r
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Job completed
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879075-wn8gx to worker-00-50-56-93-06-4a by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.25.12/24] from openshift-sdn
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 77.721894ms
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,Started container tpbctr
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879075-wn8gx
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Successfully assigned tpb-dev/tpb-dev-register-file-27879080-l4k24 to worker-00-50-56-93-d0-51 by master01
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Add eth0 [100.96.24.49/24] from openshift-sdn
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Pulling image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358"
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Successfully pulled image "artifactory.csin.cz/appd-docker-local/java-agent-custom:21.11.4.33358" in 69.296227ms
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,Created container appd-agent-attach-java
ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,Started container appd-agent-attach-java
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,Container image "artifactory.csin.cz/tpb-docker-local/tpb-ctr:2022-09-REL-3-g2d9bdde.master-50-71ced0d8" already present on machine
ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,Created container tpbctr
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,Started container tpbctr
ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,Created pod: tpb-dev-register-file-27879080-l4k24
kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,Job completed
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,(combined from similar events): Created job tpb-dev-register-file-27879075
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version=v1.24,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn=baseline,pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version=v1.24,kubernetes.io/metadata.name=tpb-dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-name=dev,ops.csas.cz/environment-type=dev,ops.csas.cz/project=tpb,(combined from similar events): Saw completed job: tpb-dev-register-file-27879080, status: Complete
